All right.
Welcome back.
So I'd like to quickly talk about the exercises in this course.
As you watch the promo video you saw there are a ton of exercises.
That's what makes this course unique.
It's what I'm most excited about.
But I need to make a quick video to explain a couple of things about them.
So the Course is full of exercises there's tons of them between quizzes and interactive coding exercises
should keep you busy for a while but they aren't distributed evenly across the course.
Unfortunately you know I wish I could have Tunder really exciting exercises early on but the way that
works we just don't know enough at the beginning of the course.
So early on you know in the intro section right now there's no exercises.
Then we talked about the command line numbers operators and comments.
We get a few more exercises and they're variables and strings.
We start to open up a bit and then afterwards that's where the bulk of the exercises are some putting
this here because unfortunately the beginning for course is really important.
But the main selling point that I've been talking about are how many exercises there are and there just
aren't as many at the beginning because in order for the exercise platform to work you have to be able
to write certain types of code.
You have to know how to write functions and variables and it takes a couple of sections for us to get
up to speed on all of all those topics.
So please have faith if you're getting discouraged about the lack of opportunities to type code in the
browser.
I still try my best to make it interactive and somewhat exciting but just keep in mind after this you
make it to the magical exercise wonderland.
There's rainbows and these emojis and these people doing this thing with their hands.
It's way better.
So it just takes a little bit but eventually there will be a ton of exercises.
All right so one thing I'd like to talk about is how these exercises are structured.
So there's tons of them.
You'll see the screen a lot.
You never have to write all your code in the actual editor if you're more comfortable.
You know you can skip all these exercises and just run the code on your own computer and leave the browser.
But if you do want to use the the test that I've written all of these exercises you write your code
in here so there's a prompt.
This is one of the simplest ones.
It has to do with functions.
When we talk about functions don't worry about the syntax but write a function called speak Pig that
returns oink.
Yep that's it.
It's a very simple exercise.
So you write your code in here and let's say I don't know what to do.
So I get it wrong on purpose.
I say I don't know.
This is not a good idea at all.
But let's just say that's what I did.
That's not real Python code.
But I would click Check solution and it's going to tell me something's not right and what I want to
show you is that some of the error messages that you'll see early on might be intimidating or confusing.
For example this one I don't know what it tells me is that it's invalid syntax but all this extra stuff
is there as part of the message.
All that is saying is that this is not real Python.
It results in all this craziness.
So if there's ever a point where these messages aren't helpful enough.
I've done my best to add in some helpers to try and guess what you might do wrong so early on you know
there are common mistakes or I try and add scenarios I write code that checks like did they do this
mistake that they do this mistake give them this nice message.
But it's hard for me to anticipate all of those especially when the exercises get harder.
So just keep in mind that sometimes you might see some crazy errors like this.
And if you ever just need to see the solution you've whether you've given up or you just want you know
to check on something you need a hint.
It's always immediately following the exercise so you Tommy doesn't have a way for you to just you know
download a solution file right here manually.
I had to create a solution file so this is the super quick return exercise immediately after is solution.
They're all named solution so you can click on it there or just click continue.
And it shows us our simple solution so we could take this and then go back paste it in.
And now he can see using that code should take a second.
Well done.
We got it correct.
OK.
So I just wanted to show you you know how I have this set up you to me is probably was never expecting
there to be so many exercises in a single course.
So they didn't really come up with a great way of me giving you solution code for tons of exercises.
So I came up with my own system.
It's honestly not ideal.
I hope that this will change over time.
But for now you just click continue.
You see the solution you click continue.
There's another exercise.
In this case and after that would be the solution.
And then a video and so on.
So just hit continue if you want to see the solution.
OK.
And then also remember.
Hang in there until we get to all those exercises.
All right.
I'll be quiet now.
Let's get on with it.